I think taking the blame for problems that you don't cause is something
that I think is diminishing in the military. I think at some point
it could be harmful when the maybe the same individual is is repeating
the same mistake over and over, and there needs to be some accountability.
In order for that person to really get it, Thio correct it
and to go forward. But I think as a leader, to develop some trust
with your people, to take the heat off of them and allow them to really
focus and function as a team. There is a time to take that blame,
and especially if it's not gonna hurt anything in the long run, and
it just proves to your team that you're there to protect them and
they can trust you.